Step by step build to deploy the project:
First of all, some things needed before deploying: Visual Studio 2017 and Windows 10 OS and Internet Connection.
1.Download Windows 10 IoT Dashboard.
2.Once in Dashboard, follow the steps the application is showing on screen.
Things to know:
-A formatted SD card must be inserted in the laptop when the app says that (Windows 10 IoT Core (limited version of Windows 10 for IoT devices)
is by default in Dashboard and this will be installed in the SD card inserted (16 GB Samsung EVO, class 10 works excellent).
3.Mount SD card on the Raspberry Pi 3.
4.Connect the wires as shown in the frizting diagram.
5.When everything is connected, turn on the Raspberry Pi 3, connect to a monitor (HDMI cable) and with an Ethernet Cable to a
Router or Access Point to make sure that is connected to the Internet.
6.Follow the steps according to they appear on the screen (First booting will take longer than usually due to the installation
of the Windows 10 IoT Core.
7.Once installation is complete, a screen with the model of the device, IP address, devices connected to the Raspberry Pi 3 
and so on will appear.
8.Now, it is necessary to return to the Dashboard and check whether the Raspberry is found within the "My devices" tab or not.
9.If the device is not found after more than 20 minutes, reboot Raspberry Pi 3. 
10.Once the aforementioned is checked, open Visual Studio 2017 and run the code of the Facial Recognition Door (FRD). 
-Notes for Visual Studio 2017:
a)Click on Debug- ARM- and on the green arrow (Remote Machine) is Local Machine by default, so it is necessary to change it.
b)Within Remote Machine Option, if the Raspberry has not been found by Visual Studio, put the IP address manually otherwise
the IP address will have been found automatically. Do not forget to select Universal(Unencrypted Protocol).
Finally, if everything has been well, the main page of the program will have to appear on the monitor and from that very moment
you could enjoy and open the door with your face!.
